aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.8
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   torch-geometric
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   wandb
cloudpathlib==0.19.0
    # via weasel
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.8
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dataclasses==0.6
    # via pytdc
deberta @ git+https://github.com/omendezlucio/DeBERTa.git
    # via -r requirements/main.in
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   triton
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-fabric
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via pytdc
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via wandb
huggingface-hub==0.25.1
    # via pytdc
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hydra-core==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.4.1
    # via spacy
language-data==1.2.0
    # via langcodes
lightning-fabric==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
lightning-utilities==0.11.7
    # via
    #   lightning-fabric
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
marisa-trie==1.2.0
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via deberta
numcodecs==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
numexpr==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   deberta
    #   matplotlib
    #   numcodecs
    #   numexpr
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytdc
    #   rdkit-pypi
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   seqeval
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   torch-geometric
    #   torchmetrics
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   hydra-core
onnx==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
onnxruntime==1.19.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   lightning-fabric
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   weasel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   pytdc
    #   seaborn
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rdkit-pypi
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via wandb
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   deberta
    #   torch-geometric
    #   wandb
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torch-geometric
pytdc==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
pytest==8.3.3
    # via deberta
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   wandb
rdkit-pypi==2022.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   pytdc
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   deberta
    #   nltk
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytdc
    #   spacy
    #   torch-geometric
    #   wandb
    #   weasel
rich==13.9.1
    # via typer
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   deberta
    #   pytdc
    #   seqeval
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   deberta
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via pytdc
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via deberta
sentry-sdk==2.15.0
    # via wandb
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via deberta
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via wandb
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==7.0.4
    # via weasel
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
spacy==3.7.5
    # via deberta
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.8
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
thinc==8.2.5
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.2
    # via pytest
torch==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   deberta
    #   lightning-fabric
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torch-geometric==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
torchmetrics==1.4.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   deberta
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pytdc
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   spacy
    #   torch-geometric
triton==3.0.0
    # via torch
typer==0.12.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   cloudpathlib
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-fabric
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   wandb
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via deberta
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements/main.in
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via smart-open
yarl==1.13.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
